Add capture operator usage to Enum.md (#2377)
elixirschool/elixirschool: en/lessons/basics/enum.md

iex> Enum.uniq_by([%{x: 1, y: 1}, %{x: 2, y: 1}, %{x: 3, y: 3}], fn coord -> coord.y end)
[%{x: 1, y: 1}, %{x: 3, y: 3}]
```

### Enum using the Capture operator (&)

> Many functions within the Enum module in Elixir take anonymous functions as an argument to work with iterables of the enumerable that is passed.

Author: ```suggestion
Many functions within the Enum module in Elixir take anonymous functions as an argument to work with each iterable of the enumerable that is passed.
```

iex> Enum.uniq_by([%{x: 1, y: 1}, %{x: 2, y: 1}, %{x: 3, y: 3}], fn coord -> coord.y end)
[%{x: 1, y: 1}, %{x: 3, y: 3}]
```

### Enum using the Capture operator (&)
Many functions within the Enum module in Elixir take anonymous functions as an argument to work with iterables of the enumerable that is passed.

These anonymous functions are often written shorthand using the Capture operator (&).

Here are some examples that show how the capture operator can be implemented with the Enum module. 
Each version is functionally equivalent.

#### Using the capture operator with ananonymous function 

Below is a typical example of the standard syntax when passing an anonymous function to `Enum.map/2`.

```elixir
iex> Enum.map([1,2,3], fn number -> number + 3 end)
[4, 5, 6]
```

Now we implement the capture operator (&); capturing each iterable of the list of numbers ([1,2,3]) and assign each iterable to the variable &1 as it is passed through the mapping function.

```elixir
iex> Enum.map([1,2,3], &(&1 + 3))
[4, 5, 6]
```

> This can be further refactored to assign the prior annonymous function featuring the Capture operator to a variable and called from the `Enum.map/2` function.

Author: ```suggestion
This can be further refactored to assign the prior anonymous function featuring the Capture operator to a variable and called from the `Enum.map/2` function.
```
